Solution for correct getting PK from insert query without function `getLastInsertID` (#18447)
yiisoft/yii2: framework/CHANGELOG.md

2.0.41 under development
------------------------

> - Enh 18447: Solution for correct getting PK from insert query without function `getLastInsertID` (darkdef)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enh 18447: Do not use `getLastInsertID` to get PK from insert query to lower collision probability for concurrent inserts (darkdef)
```
